japanese:


Egg and nori rolls

3 tablespoons soy sauce
1/2 teaspoon wasabi paste
125ml (1/2 cup) water
8 eggs, at room temperature
Pinch of salt
20g (1 tablespoon) butter
4 sheets sushi nori (roasted seaweed)
1 carrot, peeled, cut into thick matchsticks
2 celery sticks, trimmed, cut into thick matchsticks
40g snow pea sprouts, stems trimmed

Whisk the soy sauce, wasabi and 60ml (1/4 cup) of the water in a small bowl until well combined. Cover and set aside until serving.
Step 2

Crack the eggs into a large jug and add the remaining water. Add salt and use a fork to whisk until well combined.
Step 3

Heat 1 teaspoon of the butter in a 20cm non-stick frying pan over medium-high heat until foaming. Pour a quarter of egg mixture into pan and tilt pan until mixture covers base. As omelette begins to set, lift edge so uncooked egg runs underneath. Cook, uncovered, for 2 minutes or until omelette is set. Slide onto a large plate and cover loosely with foil to keep warm. Repeat in 3 more batches with remaining butter and egg mixture.
Step 4

Place the omelettes in a single layer on a clean surface. Top each with 1 nori sheet. Divide carrot, celery and snow pea sprouts among nori sheets, placing down the centre. Roll the omelette up tightly. Trim edges and cut the rolls in half. Arrange on a serving plate and serve with the wasabi mixture.

2.Basic sushi rice
1 cup SunRice Japanese Style Sushi Rice
1/4 cup Obento mirin seasoning 

 Step 1

Rinse and drain rice 3 times or until water runs clear. Place rice in sieve over a bowl. Set aside for 10 minutes to drain.
Step 2

Place rice and 1 cup cold water in a small saucepan over medium heat. Cover. Bring to the boil. Reduce heat to low. Simmer, covered, for 12 minutes or until water has been absorbed. Remove from heat. Stand, covered, for 10 minutes.
Step 3

Transfer rice to a large ceramic dish. Using a spatula, stir rice to break up lumps. Gradually add seasoning, lifting and turning rice, until rice has cooled.

3.Chicken teriyaki noodles
ingredients:
    500g fresh hokkien noodles
    2 1/2 tablespoons peanut oil
    500g chicken breast fillet, thinly sliced
    3 green onions, sliced diagonally
    1/2 red capsicum, deseeded, sliced
    125g baby corn, quartered lengthways
    1 stick celery, thinly sliced
    1/2 cup thick teriyaki marinade
    1 tablespoon reduced-salt soy sauce
    1/4 cup roasted peanuts, chopped
directions:
 Step 1

Place noodles into a large heatproof bowl. Cover with boiling water. Stand for 3 minutes. Drain. Set aside.
Step 2

Heat a wok over high heat. Add 1 tablespoon of oil and half the chicken. Stir-fry for 2 minutes or until chicken is cooked through. Remove. Repeat with 2 teaspoons of oil and remaining chicken.
Step 3

Add remaining 1 tablespoon of oil to wok. Swirl to coat wok. Heat until hot. Add vegetables. Stir-fry for 1 minute.
Step 4

Add chicken, noodles, marinade, soy sauce and peanuts to wok. Stir-fry for 1 minute or until hot. Serve.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
american
1.Creamy Potato Salad With Bacon

Ingredients
3 pounds small red new potatoes (about 24)
kosher salt and black pepper
8 slices bacon
1/2 cup mayonnaise
1/4 cup sour cream
3 tablespoons white wine vinegar
4 stalks celery, thinly sliced
1/2 cup chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley
1/4 cup chopped fresh tarragon

Directions

    Place the potatoes in a large pot. Add enough cold water to cover and bring to a boil. Add 1 teaspoon salt, reduce heat, and simmer until tender, 15 to 18 minutes. Drain and run under cold water to cool. Cut into quarters.
    Meanwhile, cook the bacon in a large skillet over medium heat until crisp, 6 to 8 minutes. Transfer to a paper towel-lined plate. Let cool, then break into pieces.
    In a large bowl, whisk together the mayonnaise, sour cream, vinegar, ¾ teaspoon salt, and ½ teaspoon pepper. Add the potatoes and celery and toss to coat. Fold in the parsley, tarragon, and bacon before serving.

2.Rosemary Corn Bread
Serves 24
Ingredients
2 8 1/2-ounce boxes corn-bread mix
2 eggs, slightly beaten
1 8-ounce container plain yogurt
2 7-ounce cans whole-kernel corn, drained
1 tablespoon dried rosemary leaves


Directions

    Heat oven to 400º F. Lightly coat a 13-by-9-inch baking pan with cooking spray and set aside. 
    Stir all the ingredients together. Spoon the batter into the prepared pan.
    Bake 25 minutes or just until golden. Remove to a wire rack to cool.
    When cool, cut lengthwise into 3 strips and then crosswise into quarters. Cut each square into 2 triangles. (The corn bread can be made ahead to this point. Remove from pan, wrap in foil, and freeze for up to 3 months.) To serve, thaw and reheat in the foil in a 325º F oven for 10 minutes or until heated through.

3.Meat Loaf

Ingredients
1 1/2 pounds ground beef
1 2-ounce envelope onion soup mix
1cup shredded Italian cheese blend
1cup fresh flat-leaf parsley, chopped (optional)
2 eggs
1 1/2 cups saltines (about 4 ounces), finely ground
1/3 cup water
1/2 cup barbeque sauce (optional)

Directions

    Heat oven to 400° F. In a large bowl, combine the beef, soup mix, cheese, parsley (if using), eggs, and saltines. Add the water and combine.
    Transfer the meat mixture to a baking dish and form it into a 9-inch loaf. Bake until cooked through, about 40 minutes.
    If using barbecue sauce, remove the meat loaf from oven after 25 minutes and pour the sauce over the top. Return to oven for about 15 minutes more.
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
greek
1. Greek-style roast fish

Ingredients

    5 small potatoes (about 400g), scrubbed and cut into wedges
    1 onion, halved and sliced
    2 garlic cloves, roughly chopped
    ½ tsp dried oregano or ½ tbsp chopped fresh oregano
    2 tbsp olive oil
    ½ lemon, cut into wedges
    2 large tomatoes, cut into wedges
    2 fresh skinless pollock fillets (about 200g)
    small handful parsley, roughly chopped
directions:
    Heat oven to 200C/180C fan/gas 6. Tip the potatoes, onion, garlic, oregano and olive oil into a roasting tin, season, then mix together with your hands to coat everything in the oil. Roast for 15 mins, turn everything over and bake for 15 mins more.
    Add the lemon and tomatoes, and roast for 10 mins, then top with the fish fillets and cook for 10 mins more. Serve with parsley scattered over.

2.Griddled chicken with quinoa Greek salad

Ingredients

    225g quinoa
    25g butter
    1 red chilli, deseeded and finely chopped
    1 garlic clove, crushed
    400g chicken mini fillets
    1½ tbsp extra-virgin olive oil
    300g vine tomatoes, roughly chopped
    handful pitted black kalamata olives
    1 red onion, finely sliced
    100g feta cheese, crumbled
    small bunch mint leaves, chopped
    juice and zest ½ lemon
directions:
    Cook the quinoa following the pack instructions, then rinse in cold water and drain thoroughly.
    Meanwhile, mix the butter, chilli and garlic into a paste. Toss the chicken fillets in 2 tsp of the olive oil with some seasoning. Lay in a hot griddle pan and cook for 3-4 mins each side or until cooked through. Transfer to a plate, dot with the spicy butter and set aside to melt.
    Next, tip the tomatoes, olives, onion, feta and mint into a bowl. Toss in the cooked quinoa. Stir through the remaining olive oil, lemon juice and zest, and season well. Serve with the chicken fillets on top, drizzled with any buttery chicken juices.
3.Honey yogurt cheesecake
Ingredients

    100g amaretti biscuits (or ginger or digestive biscuits)
    85g toasted, flaked almonds
    85g butter, melted
    250ml Greek yogurt
    750g mascarpone
    2 eggs
    zest 1 lemon
    zest 1 orange
    250ml honey (orange blossom is particularly good)
    fresh fruit, to serve
directions:
Heat oven to 160C/140C fan/gas 3. Crush the biscuits and most of the almonds inside a plastic food bag using a rolling pin. Mix with the butter, then press into the bottom of a deep, oval, 23cm dish (or something similar in size – a roasting tin, baking dish or cake tin will work). Bake for 10 mins until crisp.
Stir or mash together the yogurt and mascarpone, then whisk in the eggs, one at a time. Stir in the lemon and orange zests, then stir in most of the honey, reserving about 3 tbsp. Spread over the biscuit base, cover loosely with foil and cook for 1 hr. Remove the foil and cook for 15 mins more until lightly golden and the top is firm with just the slightest wobble in the middle. Leave to cool. Can be kept in the fridge for up to 2 days.







 

